Hello OddLots viewers. You're about to
watch a conversation with Tariq Mansour,
CEO of Kelshi. This was recorded live on
stage at Chicago's Untitled Supper Club.
We had a blast and uh we hope you enjoy
the show.
TK, thank you so much. Uh really excited
to chat about you're definitely having a
moment. The South Park episode, I think
last night it was all about prediction
markets. Do you watch it live?
>> Um, I try to avoid watching or reading
anything about us uh without kind of
getting the the third party reaction
before.
>> Oh,
>> so we didn't know because we we uh
>> we saw the thing like the announcement a
few days ago there prediction markets
and we started kind of imagining all the
types of things they're going to do.
>> Um it was crazy. I mean the the
highlight I think is like they copied
the app like
>> Yeah,
>> exactly. That was I mean they even had
the referral bon they even had some of
the bugs we have in the app. It's like
oh
>> amazing uh it was unbelievable. So but
uh you know it was it was pretty cool. I
mean there's a few parts I disagree with
but the other for the rest I mean I
really enjoyed it. Yeah I watched it
this morning.
>> Um why do you think prediction markets
are having this moment now after they've
been around for decades literally. Why
now? Yeah, I mean I think there's like
path dependence to these things, right?
Like it's it's not sort of like um
I I'm a strong believer that sort of
like you know in history you have to
have a few agents that sort of like push
and you know push the boundary of
certain things and and and some
somebody's got to do it type thing.
>> Um but my my view on this and this is
why we started the company is the
fundamentals are there like this should
be a very large market. Um and and we
could talk a little bit about the
history, but when we first started the
company,
um this idea of sort of like a financial
market that prices questions about the
future um
sort of we were very drawn to it because
you know one if you could build such a
financial market it could be the largest
of them all because the largest number
of people will care and the number two
is could be the most important because
you know yes pricing the the the you
know share of Tesla is important but
pricing whether Brexit is going to
happen or Trump's going to win an
election or or what's you know sort of
the next natural disaster going to be. I
think that's at least as important if
not more. Um
I I at least from my perspective I mean
when I looked at the history and you
were chatting a little about the history
like
>> the elephant in the room was regulatory.
It it was I mean there's a very simple
kind of like first order factor here.
Well well it was illegal like you know
that that that's a pretty good reason.
Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good reason
for something not to, you know,
generally kind of go mainstream and and
and exist and and the legality has been
sort of the thing that has weighed on
all prior prediction markets. I don't
know if you ever encountered in trade.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I I I traded on there a lot.
>> Well, you know, so so here you go.
Right. I mean, in trade was you know how
that story kind of ended? How familiar
are you?
>> I don't
>> I don't know how it ended. Tell me.
>> So So John Delaney was this was a sort
of founder of In Trade and he was just
kind of visionary. I mean like Don in
many ways. I mean, he really believed in
the, you know, he was on CNBC back in
2000, sort of like talking about the
forecast for the election and stuff.
>> Um, but he sort of ran it offshore from
Dublin and it was kind of a like a VPN
type setup. And then the company got
shut down in 2012
>> by the government and u
>> two weeks later John Laney died
and he died uh climbing Mount Everest
and there was a kind of whole
controversy of like what happened? I
mean, you know, was there some sort of
causation there? Uh but for us when we
we got really obsessed by doing this and
we realized like actually the the only
way for this to go big is you got to
legalize it like there was no other way
and and no matter how big the company
would get no matter how kind of how much
culture there was going to be around the
company it didn't really matter uh
because the government could shut it
down and and they will after a certain
level of scale and so this was sort of
like we spent you know three years and a
half when we start after starting Khi
like all we did was basically
regulatory work it was like how do we
legalize
>> fight exactly? The fight was actually
like more like five years and a half
like with three years and a half to get
to legalize prediction markets and there
was sort of the whole thing with the
prior administration around u the
election market which we we we were
completely uncompromising on. We had to
do that.
>> Um and that was kind of a whole two-year
long process that ended with us suing
the government, our own regulator. And
then and then I I think that lawsuit
um I I I view it as sort of the the
probably what the turning point uh is
for these markets. Like this is when we
won that the institution like this is
when everything changed I think. Yeah.
>> Would you have died if Trump hadn't won
in November?
>> H no it would have just been slower and
harder but no not died. I mean we didn't
die under the harshest environment of
all. I think like like you know well
well the first right the first three
years and a half was like well this was
just not allowed right and we didn't you
know we kept sort of making progress on
all the way up until legalizing and
launching but then yeah the reality is
like the prior government I think was as
hostile as it gets that it was just not
um I mean they just didn't want it to
exist so
>> well you say that like it's really
important to have a change in the
regulator landscape that there's no way
this could have taken off had this
changed had this not changed. However,
there is a competitor that you can
access via VPN fund with stable coins.
In theory, there doesn't even need to be
a company that had been operating for
several years. Um
like what like couldn't it have happened
and could it still happen that the
future of prediction markets is onchain
and essentially outside of the
regulatory landscape? I I don't
necessarily think that onchain offchain
is sort of necessarily kind of an
unregulated regulated like like onchain
doesn't mean illegal right like in sure
so but I think that like
>> but there was a lot of volume on this
entity that had all kinds of things
while you were
>> I'm talking about poly market obviously
>> so um
>> it's not like we couldn't go on chain
right it's like this is not a very hard
thing to build right like in terms of
like the the the and actually like it's
funny like the first two weeks of cash
we tried to do something on chain and we
realized like Again, it was a good way
to sort of be maybe like somewhat smart
about regul regulation, but not really
because Augur was on chain also and like
that was also sort of shut down and
there was a bunch of issues.
>> Um,
>> for us, we stood very firmly that like
for this to go mainstream. Well, well,
you should avoid a VPN,
>> you know, and and and
>> uh but but also like kind of how do you
attract how do you how do you have this
be legitimized the financial markets?
You attract the type of institutions
that would trade. you have a bunch of
institutional partners and now the
brokers and actually truly take this
ministry. there was just no no way to do
it outside of the like there's the
universal financial markets you cannot
do it outside you have to expand it and
if you expand it then I think we have a
real winner and I think the results show
like you know u yes poly has a lot of
volume but like there's not real revenue
yet there's a lot of wash like it's it's
kind of how do you account for all this
stuff and even if you account for all of
that today we're like something like 3x
bigger within a year so
>> definitely want to talk about the
brokers and the market makers um but
before we do a very basic question, but
often the basic questions are the most
interesting. Can you walk us through the
life cycle of, you know, a binary event
contract that gets created on your
platform?
>> That's a great question. Um, because
that's a hard problem, right? Like um
because in in traditional markets,
right, the life cycle is like, you know,
we we have an idea like u like grain
futures or onion futures or or GPU
futures. Onion not onion futures.
>> Don't do onion futures. uh onion futures
is a bad idea. It's
>> you can set up a prediction.
>> You know what though? I do think I do
think it's a little um lame that poly
market like if there hasn't done onion
futures cuz if you're going to like
what's the point of onchain if you're
not sticking it to the man anyway
>> if like the onion farmers are like
finally have like instrument to hedge
and
>> Yeah. What's the point of crypto if
you're not using it to fight against
these absurd rules?
>> I mean like well the onion futures rule
is truly absurd. Yeah. Yeah. Like that's
one of those
>> uh but I guess now it's maybe kind of
funny. Maybe we should just keep it. But
like
>> uh but but you know or or like GPU I
mean or like GPU future. I mean like the
point here is like
>> you have something where the lifetime is
kind of like infinite. You list the
future and the derivative and it's sort
of there forever and then you you build
the liquidity over time. You can take
your time. It takes like usually these
things take time. They take years to
kind of build up to market them and
build liquidity. This is different,
right? Like this this is much more
dynamic. It comes and goes. Like often
time the trend could be sort of like
there for two to three weeks, sometimes
a week, sometimes it's a day. Um, and
you have to much more much faster. And
kind of my mental model for what this
looks like is sort of like there's an
idea that can be from a user, from a
from the news, from a trend, from some
tweet. Uh, then there's a listing of the
market and then there's kind of like
from a listing to kind of making it
reasonably liquid and active. Um it's
interesting because you know the first
time so we've we've gone through like a
all kind of types of regulatory winters
but the first time we listed a market it
took us 18 months
>> that was just for listing
>> and because there's a lot like the
operations of tech these are tickers
right like you list them like a stock or
like a like WTI crude oil
>> now we do it within 30 minutes
>> and and so we've expanded the territory
quite a bit
>> um and and and most
>> and when you list Does it go to the CFTC
or what's the approval process?
>> Yes, there's like a self-certification
which it basically you file with the CFC
and they kind of like
>> generally the historically is basically
like if you file it and you haven't
engaged with them beforehand, they
usually will basically block it. They'll
call you and say stop until we talk and
then you do it. But now we've covered so
much territory and we've built so much
technology and like the operations and
the regulator in the loop that like most
new things that we do actually fit into
a bucket that we've already done. uh and
sometimes there are complete new things
like right now the frontier is actually
some of the SEC like company related
markets I think is the sort of next
frontier
>> uh but we've covered so much grounds now
that like most things are like of a
similar flavor
>> we've been going this whole time you
know you talk about company related
stuff talk about hedging onion futures
maybe um hed or sorry hedging onion
prices um maybe you want to strip out
something related to Tesla car sales but
let's talk about the business. How much
of this is sports right now? How big is
the gap between volume on a Sunday verse
volume on a Wednesday?
>> Uh
volume on a Sunday is very very big. Uh
but like it's it's it's interesting. I
mean like I I'll say a few things like a
lot of the sports side has grown like in
I mean I'm shocked. I'm still shocked.
Like every week I we do a forecast and
we beat it and and like um I you know
America likes NFL. I mean I don't know I
mean they like football it's like I
don't know more than expected I guess
but uh the it's a little bit more than
that like you know
the thing about sports is um let's say
there's two things going on. One there's
just a lot of scheduled events.
>> Okay
>> there's just a lot in the week. Um but
if you compare like a onetoone like a
game to like basically anything that
Trump does Trump will win like you know
like the in terms of volume one to one
he like these markets do really really
well and it could be literally on like
any I mean anything he does uh the
problem there is like there's not enough
scheduled like events
>> there aren't that many of them
>> I think there may be over time
>> but just like what percentage is
>> on Sunday like it's not I mean probably
90% of sports on like a regular weekday
is like much lower
>> and what's the gap in volume between
Sunday and okay okay
>> so like yeah I mean NFL Sunday is like
massive but it's a little bit like it's
it's a little bit like asking the
question like okay well on election day
what was the volume right I mean it's
like 99.9% elections right so so sports
is very large but like we have other
categories now like like culture for
example I think is like growing at a
similar rate it's just starting from
much lower baseline and our market
diversity our liquidity is just not
there yet whereas sports is much more
kind of like uh
Uh, I would say like much more diverse
and much more liquid. Yeah.
>> Okay. So, I'm going to ask the obvious
question, I guess, but why is it not
sports betting?
>> You know, I don't have kind of like as
much of a problem with the word betting.
I think gambling is sort of where where
I have a problem. I mean, um, you know,
when like CM launched water futures like
three, four years ago, you know, I
remember like the headline about that is
like, oh, you can now bet on water. It's
like, all right. I mean, I guess the
word betting is used very sort of
loosely, but like
look, I I I I would say two things.
There's sort of the legal question and
there's sort of the the ethical is this
good for society question and those are
it might be two that matter.
>> We'll do both of them don't worry.
>> Yeah. Let's I mean I guess so so the
legal question I mean like
um our approach has always been sort of
legal and regulated first like always do
it within the bounds and expand the
bounds. So we did this prediction market
then elections you know I mean a year
ago right a year and a half well a year
ago even like I mean people were saying
this is going to destroy democracy right
like it was it was the end of the world
if we ever got legalized and like uh you
know um
and like it was and then we got
legalized and it was like super biased
and you know I was being accused of
being agent I don't remember that period
but like it was like
>> I missed that one
>> like it was like a whole thing about you
know I worked at Palanteer and thus I'm
obviously kind of rigging the election,
but like um uh and obviously the vibe
has shifted pretty dramatically with the
election and because you know there is
some kind of powers of these markets. So
when it comes to sports like on the
legal piece like it it is legal like the
CFC could stop it if they wanted to but
the states can't. That's federal
preeemption and that's how it works and
>> we're in extremely strong legal footing.
I mean Don was mentioning sort of this I
don't think the CF is asleep at the
wheel like you know they have less staff
but they have staff and the staff is
aware of sports. we talked about. It's
not like we showed up one day like,
"Hey, surprise. Sports markets are
here." Um like um
>> isn't Trump's nominee also on your
board? The nominee for CFTC?
>> Well, he was ex nominee now. I mean,
we'll see, but I mean, I don't know, but
I don't know if it's ex nominee, but
like there there's a kind of questions,
but I that's I he was not there when
this happened and like he was, you know,
uh uh so so he's still not there
actually. So, uh,
I don't think it's very relevant to the
question. I I think the change of the
administration is relevant to the
question.
>> Like, yes. I mean, I think it would have
been much more challenging than the
prior administration. Like, there's no
question about that. Um, but the law is
pretty clear. I mean, if you read the
Commodities Exchange Act, there's like a
two-prong test,
and it's it's an event kind of related
to war, terrorism, assassination,
violence, or gaming. And then there's
some sort of illegal stuff that's
illegal under state or federal law. Um
and so you can fall under that category.
We can debate whether this falls under
gaming or not. Um and there's actually
quite a bit of debate there. And then
the second test which is like if it does
fall under this category, the CFC can
make an explicit determination that is
contrary to public interest. Right. So
there is that sort of second standard.
>> Yeah. Uh which brings me to second
question which is like I'm just strong
believer in markets like I think a
market-based model for these market is
better than the over-the-counter sports
book model because the odds are better
anyone can be a price bidder they don't
have to be a price taker and the results
show like less people like the
percentage of people that basically lose
on cash is closer to 50/50 this just not
the case in like a traditional sports
book and I think that's the sort of
argument that wins it long term which is
like this is just better like you get
better prices more transparency and the
ability to you know influence like
basically participate in a way you can't
in a traditional model.
>> You already said um that you don't think
that the distinction is not between
trading and betting the distinction is
between betting and gambling. So you
sort of preempted a question but there
is this Facebook ad that I saw and it
says breaking news sports betting in
California is now legal. And I saw a
screenshot of it couldn't find it. I
found it on a blog but is that like a
actual Kelchi ad that ran? Well, we have
a very large marketing team and this is
the ad is not there anymore. But like
regardless, I mean the uh uh
>> so that was no it was
>> you gota imagine a company has like grew
100x
>> over but like but like nothing you know
you're saying like breaking new it like
I guess what I'm saying is like we all
know what's going on there.
>> Well the news is breaking I mean it is
legal to trade on gas in 50 states. I
mean that's big news like you know
>> and we are liter I mean you know and so
but like I do actually think that like
>> I'm not as worried about this like like
you know the word gambling is the one
that really irks me like I think you
know because
>> like okay zero zero DTE options like
>> like what retail is doing what like a
trillion dollars of volume I mean you
you probably know the numbers what is it
>> probably knows
>> I can't remember but it's a lot
>> so what is retail doing there hedging. I
mean,
>> right. No,
>> what exactly are they doing?
>> They're gambling.
>> I don't know about that.
>> No, I think I mean I think it's fine.
Like like I I agree with like those
premise that the idea
>> line is basically like like it's it's
sort of thing where like I mean in 1905
I think we talked a little bit about
this like the Supreme Court um there was
this whole question of grain futures and
like should it be gambling or should it
be a financial instrument and if it was
gambling it was going to go under the
bucket shop laws and and and it was this
Supreme Court case uh Chicago Board of
Trade versus Christie
um where Supreme Court basically like
ruled in favor of the Chicago Board of
Trade which is like yes a lot of people
are speculating but there's value to
these markets beyond the actual
speculative you know activity that's
taking place and then you get into the
kind of question of like what is the
standard in the commodity exchange act
like should all the activity be hedging
well if if that's the case then you
let's just cancel the whole act we let's
just stop trading alto together because
in most markets including grain futures
like 95% plus is not hedging it's
speculative and I think that's true in
the stock market and so it you know and
then like okay well how do you
distinguish and you know should Do we
take out the speculative and just keep
the hedging? Well, if that you do that,
then there's no liquidity and so it
doesn't work
>> and then how do you even know who's
hedging and speculating? Do you go and
check the person?
>> So, so you go into all these different
questions, but like
>> to me gambling is sort of like you
create an artificial risk and then you
you roll a dice and then you gamble on
it, you know, but trading on whether
Brexit happened or not. That's just like
a natural risk that's sort of there. And
then the second question is that and to
me the even more important one is like
the the marketbased mechanism versus
sort of like you walk into a casino the
odds are like structurally stacked
against you
>> and actually if you start making money
they like in the best case scenario they
basically you know
>> um uh stop you from participating and
that happens in sports books and others
and in the worst case scenario they like
kneecap you right like they
>> and and so that to me is gambling like
it's like the the revenue of the company
is equal to the losses of its customer
and vice versa. And I I just don't think
this is the same here. Like that's not
how the New York Stock Exchange makes
its money. It makes its money based on
fees. Same with Robin Hood, same with,
you know, any other same with Koshi. Um
and so I think there's is a there's a
big structural difference.
>> Well, this was going to be my next
question actually. So setting aside the
gambling terminology, part of your
argument here is that even if it is
betting, it is somehow qualitatively
different than traditional betting where
you know you have a a sports book maker
who's setting all the prices. And you
said earlier that there's more
transparency and fairer pricing and all
of that. But then again, if you look at
some of the words that your own company
has used to describe this, you've put up
job advertisements saying that you need
experts in something similar to sports
book pricing.
>> No, this that's not quite right. No, the
job advertise sports operations is
listing the markets, how to settle them,
and all these different things, which
that dynamic is very I mean similar,
right? like you have to know which
markets to list, how to list them, what
are the price feeds to kind of like pull
up to to pull to basically settle
whether it's sort of like um this team
one versus the other. Uh that's very
different from like you know um we need
I don't know like someone who's like an
expert in like you know um uh
like programmed to like you know bring
in traders and figure out how to
optimize like uh you know how to like
optimize like losses and things like
that like this is very very different.
>> Well talk to us how the prices are
actually set then and why does you know
a platform that ostensibly is a
peer-to-peer trading platform need
market makers at all? Well, if you list
a new market right now, like on let's
let's give an example on on um
like even Fed rates, you got to
kickstart it somehow, right? Like the
financial markets need market makers,
right? And they are peer-to-p like
financial markets are the ultimate
version of peer-to-peer. That's what
they are. Um but it's basically a way to
kickstart and actually our our most
liquid markets the more successful a
market becomes the more profitable
market becomes the lower the percentage
of market makers like whether it's like
partners like Saskuana and institutional
market makers and others um and the
higher it is that's it's basically
organic liquidity so actually the more
successful it is and the more profitable
for us and like you know anybody um it's
the lower the participation of these
market makers. So the the use is
actually like you got to have somebody
that starts the bid ask like you
otherwise you put a market and there's
nothing it's just dead and so you have
to kind of break the chicken in the egg
in some ways you start with a chicken
and you in incentivize that chicken so
that the egg comes and then you
basically get the flywheel rolling um
so I I think it's kind of exactly the
same as financial markets and like a lot
of our liquidity is in the non-lquid
markets market maker driven and the
liquid markets non-market maker driven
basically
>> let's talk about um some nonsports
uh stuff and the future like any
anything you could sort of futurize
anything, right? When you envision it,
could you have could we one day have a
future for every single stock on the
exchange? A perpetual future, a
perpetual Tesla future, a perpetual
Apple future, a perpetual like could
that be a world that we live in one day
and a perpetual 10-year Treasury future?
I mean Kashi is everything in Arabic,
right? So, so you know the the the
long-term vision is like yes. I mean the
the I just think like you we should have
a market
>> a perpetual um or a future for private
companies a SpaceX future.
>> Yeah. And and and you know like the idea
of so can I get like one I guess general
and then specific u I'll answer
generally and then specifically. So the
general sort of principle is like I
think anything that has a different of
opinion difference of opinion u of
qualitative opinion should basically
have a mechanism to resolve that
quantitatively
>> um so like instead of debating
subjectively about something like let's
debate about it objectively and
quantitatively which is trading you know
put some and and and so and then there's
some limits like I I think there are
markets that do create bad incentives
and I think u actually CA does handle
them and like we we really haven't done
these markets Um
but to your question like yes I think
that's that's probably what the next
frontier looks like and I and I think
that the the concept of security futures
has been like a very kind of like I
would say it's been a very exciting
concept for I mean even pre-cal shei
it's not like where
>> uh but I think the the CFTC SEC
relationship historically has been a big
part of the bottleneck because if you're
on the SEC side you can't really do you
don't really do futures and if you're on
CFC side you do futures you don't do
securities and you have this question
like should I get reged Right. Both I
mean
>> you already have one that's sort of I
>> you're like daily in your operations
it's already very tough. Now you're
adding a second one and and it it it
doesn't scale linearly. It scale it
scales sort of quadratically. Um and so
it's been really tough historically but
it maybe now in this environment I think
it might be possible and maybe maybe
we'll figure it out on Monday. So we'll
see.
>> Yeah.
>> On Monday. Okay. Um
>> can I go back to the market makers for a
second? Um because this is an area where
I think people have a lot of questions,
but what are the actual obligations of
market makers on your platform? And you
talked about how in the beginning, you
know, maybe you have this really
esoteric contract about throwing rubber
objects onto basketball courts or
whatever it is.
>> We don't have that, but you know, no,
but
>> the other guys theoretically
>> that one the CFC would block.
Um, how do market makers decide what
contracts to actually support initially?
And are they obligated to come in and
provide liquidity for everything?
>> No, because well, not everything. No,
because like
>> well the if well you have fair access
sort of requirements on the on um on a
CFC regular exchange. So you have to
have rules that like basically are
generally like um accessible by anybody
um in a certain sort of like trunch or
tier or whatever. Like if a market maker
wants to come and trade on cash, they
could do that and they have no
obligations. They can make, they could
take, they could do whatever they want.
Um generally what happens is like you
know if a market maker wants like okay
but then how do you kind of incentivize
liquidity then you could s sort of say
like okay maybe rebate you some fees if
you basically commit to obligations and
the obligations the way they look like
is like if you make on the fed market so
that's an actual specific example like
you put like 75,000 contracts up on each
side within like four three to four cent
spread and you have like 98%
availability. So you're pretty much
there every time we we kind of probe. Um
you could for example get your fees that
you pay rebated so you don't have to
pay. So that's kind of like actually our
most common type. I mean this is pretty
much like the the the market made
program. A lot of them are public. Um
and people can sign up to which markets
they want to participate in. So some
people sign up to economics, some people
do politics, some people do sports, some
people do a combo of both. A lot of
people do financials. Um and the reason
you want that actually is because
without any sort of structure then no
one's gonna commit to anything, right?
like then people will only do it when
it's like advantageous for them and they
won't do it when it's a maybe like a
novel market where we need to kind of
bootstrap liquidity and so on.
>> So you have to figure out a sort of set
of incentives especially in the
beginning and those over time go down as
the market goes more and more liquid as
you need less and less of them
>> and are the rebates and incentives and I
guess the information is that equal for
all the market makers on the platform
because you also have
>> depends on the obligations.
>> Okay. So like it's it's not like a you
don't do it something for like a you
don't do so what finish the sentence.
>> Well I was going to ask about KT.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So people ask a lot about
cash trading. So fully it's fully
information like we've operated for 5
years. It's fully siloed
informationally. It's like run
independently and so on and so forth.
What I can say like emphatically KT has
absolutely no advantages like in any way
shape or form of other market makers or
market participants. And we've always
said that you know we're we don't think
of this as a flank because it's true.
And um the CFC audits us and they see
the numbers and the numbers, you know,
are factual. They're not the best
performing uh trader, let alone market
maker on Khi um by orders of magnitude.
Like, you know, I'll leave it at that.
>> They're successful because they're not
that successful.
>> They're doing okay, I would say. Like,
and and it's it's fine. They have I
mean, they they they you know, try to
kind of like liquid in some markets are
harder and so on and so forth. And
that's a good thing. like otherwise
these markets would sort of not be there
>> but I can say for sure is they don't
have any privileges or you know benefits
out aside from anybody else aside from
SIG aside from we have some small teams
two three people that sign up to market
maker programs some of these teams are
actually beating all the other market
the institutional including ours
institutional are usually better than
ours but like um what we do is like
there's like tiers so if you kind of
like abide by certain conditions you can
get more rebates uh than if you do lower
conditions and less rebates
And those are accessible to anybody that
basically would do the conditions
uniformly. Uh one because regatory wise
uh we have to and then two because
otherwise like people wouldn't trust the
sort of marketplace. Um so yeah there's
no none of like we got accused a lot
about a lot of different things you know
but like uh that's normal. I mean
there's like a lot of incentives and
interests that are on the other side of
this equation for specifically now
sports at the time it was elections. Um
but I I think that kind of like we let
the truth mean revert over time.
>> So obviously you have these sort of
legacy market makers who are now
participating on your platform. You
mentioned Susahana etc. Have you seen
like I'm very curious about whether
we'll see legacy institutions
use become actual sort of like use your
markets for actual hedging purposes.
Now, I'm sure there's some around the
election, but some of these other
things, like I'm curious, for example,
do you know other hedge funds that might
have a particular trade on and they want
to um hedge against the possibility of a
negative NFP print because they think
that a bad jobs report is going to bust
some trade like that is the risk or
maybe a sort of hot CPI trade, etc. Do
you see institutions using these markets
yet to actually take hedging or
positional trades yet?
>> So I think that um um so yes, but it's a
kind of a size thing, right? Like
>> the the main bottleneck is basically
liquidity and it goes back to the same
question. It's like you have to
incentivize more and more liquidity over
time so that like you get the larger
sizes. So like a typical I mean the way
I think about it is like there's the
small prop shops and the smaller shops
like those are doing some and like
because you can take millions of
liquidity on cashi it's not that
difficult now depends on the markets and
so on. Um
but then if you get to sort of the buy
side firms like the larger you know uh
like you know where getting the top 10
15 on the street uh uh top 10 15 hedge
funds on the street and then after that
corporations like then you're talking
like the minimum minimum size like for
even to care is eight figures but
probably 50 to 100 million
>> and and and so I don't think liquidity
is there quite yet like elections start
flirting with that sort of level and
we've s we've seen some Um but like the
we don't see that like it's just a
matter of time for liquidity to build up
>> okay
>> for the kind of like deep institutional
use case to basically start kicking in
and I and I think I see this over the
next two three years like I think that's
going to be very big part of calcium
it's always been part of the vision
because you
>> you create a marketplace where you can
price anything what you're doing at that
point is you're pricing risk
>> sure
>> you're pricing any risk sort of
happening in the wild and then when you
price the risk it's much easier to to
create the liquidity the same way it's
easy to create liquidity for the option
market they that it's much harder for
some esoteric event as there's more and
more price benchmarks then you can
provide more liquidity and then after
that you can basically really cater to
this sort of institutional risk transfer
uh use case which I think is kind of
where the TAM really expands long term
>> I mean I assume in addition to talking
to regulators a big chunk of your time
is spent going out and talking to
institutional players either on the
market making side or maybe buy side who
might one day potentially be interested
in actually using this as a hedge. What
are those conversations actually like?
You know, you you have this partnership
with Susahana. Now, what are the
concerns that they lay out when it comes
to this new business and what are the
sort of I I don't I guess enticements
that you offer?
>> So, um
I would say like right now it's a little
a lot more just like learning. It's not
necessarily like hey our approach is
much more like let's we learn we learn
and then we figure out how to build the
right product and then people come. It
it usually works that way. not sort of
like oh like sort of come
>> did Suscoana did they approach you then?
We have a it took a while. I mean like
we had a relationship like way kind of
when we started like thinking about the
company and this we have a relationship
with like a lot of the sort of
institutional players and like the
market makers and I mean I worked at
Citadel before and um but like I don't
know if like we I mean we just had a
relationship when we started talking and
you know they they see the vision like
so really believes I mean Jeff Yes
really believes in the vision of sort of
like this idea of like have some skin in
the game to forecast any any question
about the future instead of debating
about it and he's always love prediction
markets. So, so there's a little bit of
a natural fit there, but but like going
back to the kind of institutional like
>> um what we learned is like
it's there, right? A lot of them whether
they price these specific events like
NFP specifically
>> or like a co leaving a company
specifically or or they're worried about
it like even if they don't price it
specifically but they're sort of like
this is something that I'm worried about
on my thesis like I have a thesis but
these are some of the external factors
that could like screw it up. that's a
real thing and like they would use it
for hedging and I think the requirements
of is like okay some of them that are
like solved like compliance regulatory
like you know you have a clearing house
regulated all the kind of usual stuff
but then there's liquidity like how much
size can I take for it to be worth it
for me to kind of allocate a desk and
you know put resources into it and then
the second one is like margins which
like you know today it's fully cashized
on cash so if you want to trade $100 you
have to put it up
>> um that's very difficult for like let's
say a citadel
>> well Yeah,
>> I was going to ask actually um do you
anticipate on the road map sort of buy
side traders when there is perhaps if it
happens sufficient liquidity
>> will they be trading on Keli or will it
be something they trade through their
prime broker or their futures broker who
is but do you like are you in talks with
the brokers for them to
>> same exact sort of like reason so like
what do you need basically like and and
how does it work but yes I mean the
prime brokerages um are are very
important
uh because like um you get um you
basically get like they have the full
portfolio
>> so you can get a bunch of margin
benefits if you kind of do it all with
one prime broker and that's why usually
prime brokers are the gateway into
financial markets.
>> Yeah.
>> Um um and the same way as our broker
strategy for retail, right? like with
the Robin Hood and Weebo and some of the
other brokers, it's very similar
actually because you have your portfolio
with a prime broker and then like as
you're thinking about your portfolio,
it's like, hey, I could add on a hedge
and it's much easier for me to do it
through my prime broker than do it on a
separate platform.
>> But by the way, it's pretty crazy if you
go to the app store and you just like
look at Robin Hood. The first thing is
like the football the image of the
football, right? Yeah. Because they're
trading through you. Anyway, just an
interesting cultural marker. On that
point, I mean, there's a social utility
question here, right? Like, if I
download Robin Hood, okay, yes, I could
get into zero or one day options and we
can talk about the social utility there,
but maybe I'm going to invest in an
actual stock that generates some income,
but now I'm seeing ads for football and
sports betting. And I I don't know. I
I'm sure there are some old-fashioned
people out there potentially like me who
would say who would say like what does
this do? What's the value? Do you think
that uh do you think that sports like
let's even forget about like
>> I mean first of all I don't like sports
but
>> well I mean but like you know I mean a
lot of people love sports right and and
like you know I don't know I think that
like
>> uh my general view with these things I
mean I'm a free markets person like you
know I'm building a company
>> where the name is you know we want to
have markets for everything. So, so, um,
I'm much more in the camp of like, you
know, you figure out what people want to
do and figure out how to do it in a
safe, equitable, and fair manner. Like,
you know, make sure that like it's it's
done with fair rules of the road for
everybody to participate and they want
to get smart and do their own research.
And if they don't, that's on them and
they figure it out and and add some sort
of checks and balances around it to make
sure it's safe and there's customer
protection. And I and but I'll tell that
like I'm a strong believer that like you
know sort of the the the job of
regulators should not be um dictating
what people should do with their money
uh or their lives. Like I I'm a very
very strong like staunch sort of
opponent of that sort of view of what a
regulator should do. Um and and I think
that's fits there. I mean in some ways
maybe that's like like if you look at
ROM like there's all this these choices
now and like
it's it's a bit weird to me that like
the decision here is this sort of like
don't let them make the choice like if
they want to invest then great and if
they want to do football then also great
I mean and the solution to that feels
weird to me which is like hide that
option because the 50-year-old or
30-year-old man that's on Robin Hood
needs me to figure out what what to do
with their money right like and so that
to me has always felt weird to me and I
think that's where financial regulation
has sort of like gone too far in the
last I would even to call it regulation.
I'm very pro regulation. Uh and I we we
chose to be regulated up front, right?
We so but this sort of like um I would
say like I would say I mean people talk
about lawfare but whatever like the the
financial regulators I think have taken
it too far in that in that dimension.
>> So uh as we've mentioned a couple times
there's this big uh meeting in DC next
week. There's going to be a roundt
incidentally. Um, so Tracy mentioned uh
earlier in the day we uh interviewed
Terry Duffy for an episode and that'll
be out in a couple weeks. And I guess
you haven't met. He said you've never
met but I guess you're going to meet on
uh Monday. But like what should we ask
uh TK? And he said, I think if I'm
getting this right, he said that Robin
or that Kelshi characterized itself as
CFTC approved and he says it's not that
it's instead not CFTC ban that actually
because it's the self-listing. Yeah. Uh
are you CFTC approved and or is it just
that the CFTC has not said no?
>> Well, that's factually incorrect. I
mean, I don't know. You know, it's like
I mean uh I'll meet Terry. I'm very
excited about meeting Terry. I mean
Terry's a legend, but like u
we we we got a license and then a second
one. So the exchange and then the
clearing house. I mean
>> and then the and then the broker
license.
>> So the exchange was like in 2020 and the
bro and the clearing house in 2024 and
then the broker one was in uh 2025.
>> Those are all approvals. I mean, it's
not like, you know,
>> but for instance, the individual
contracts that go up to the CFTC, are
those each getting approved?
>> Well, the election was obviously
actually disapproved, right? Like, and
we had to sue over it and it it was a
and and we were clearly right on the law
given that we won at the district and
then the the appeals court. Um so um
maybe there's like a separate dimension
here which is also the regulator is not
always right but you know there's a
whole other thing there but but
>> self-certification is is is a regime
which by the way CME is also operated
within and they've you know so from a
from that specific perspective for each
market like yes it's not that every
market goes through as a perspectus like
in the SEC and then gets approved.
>> Um it's actually like a a disapproval
regime.
>> Yeah. Uh but the CFC has authority to
state things and it's a very broad
authority, right? So um maybe it's a
good question to the CFTC because you
know I can't speak on their behalf.
>> Um
>> well you can ask them on Monday.
>> Yeah, we got
>> I don't know if they'll be on that table
but you know
>> Oh um what is the uh
>> Well, we talk safety all the time but
>> so you know obviously um Poly Market is
a major competitor to you. What do you
see is like what's your vision for what
is traded on chain and what are like
could you imagine you know we just
talked to Don he said in his he could
see in five years almost everything
being on chain like do you see that
>> yeah maybe I mean well it's interesting
because now is they're doing so there's
kind of the onchain strategy and then
the kind of what we did the regulated
you know normal clearing house like
regulated clearing house strategy
>> and like now what they're doing is sort
of they're pivoting to ours basically
that's that's in So our view generally
is like well it's a pretty positive sign
for our strategy probably right because
you know um um
>> but
>> but even setting aside competition for
you regulated to me it's a regulated
like front it's it's more
>> sure
>> so so okay there are a lot of benefits I
really believe that and I think that the
>> to being to on yeah because
>> like um
>> one of the ones that I'm less interested
is sort of like skirting regulation like
that's but but
>> but I think that like there's a number
of things which is Like my mental model
for it is is a bit like you know the
banking rails were set up in the kind of
early 20th century. like JP Morgan and a
bunch of his friends are like hey how do
we dominate this whole thing and you
know they set up a bunch of rags and
then they close the door behind them and
that was sort of that and and there's a
bunch of more complexity to that but to
me this sort of whole onchain thing is a
is imagine a bit like having given that
problem to a bunch of smart like uh like
hardworking uh developers without any
limits and let them build right and and
obviously that's going to be there's a
lot of good that's going to come out of
that And then there's going to be some
bad that comes out comes out of that
obviously. But like to me is like well
there's a lot of liquidity on on chain
today. So that's that's something that
we should access and uh at some point
two I think the clearing side there's a
lot of benefits um for you know how like
you have to do no and you have to do um
um uh imut immutability and usually
right now we do it from a like
operational legal perspective and
obviously there's some tech but the uh
you know onchain really helps with that
that's like basically what it's designed
to do
>> um and so over time like I think I Hope
as sort of regulators get more
permissive like I see some parts of
clearing going on chain where you know
uh it enables some of these use cases
and also more transparency like the the
trades and the transactions are all
transparent for everybody to see and
then people can build interesting like
UIs and interesting projects on top
without us having to sort of this whole
permissionless sort of concept and so
I'm very bullish on it. I do agree with
Don actually that like over the next
four or five years
>> and you see companies like Robin Hood
like companies like a lot of companies
are leaning in I think well couch is
also leaning in. Uh so pretty excited
about it.
>> So obviously the trajectory of your
business has changed enormously just
over the past year, less than a year
really. Um if you were thinking about it
now today as we sit here, what's the
biggest I guess blockage to further
growth for Khi?
>> You know, right now it's a question I
haven't been really thinking about. It's
been growing so much right now. It's
like all about like how do we like not
break basically because like I mean
honestly like we grew way more than we
could have possibly imagined even in the
most bullish scenarios even post winning
the election lawsuit every like even
like December 2024 what like forecast
for 2025 like it was just nowhere near
what what it is today. So, and it's
interesting because we're not it feels
like we're sort of like halfway through
like there's still just the current
structure not I think we're not even
halfway through like we have more
brokers to we have a very deep pipeline
of brokers so that's great and and more
sports I think it's the frontier is the
SEC thing so I think it's like more
markets like and I think we have a lot
of what we want I think over time is
like how do we start doing company
related uh prediction markets and we're
very excited about that
>> I just have one last question and it's
kind of a softball. But like after years
of fighting all these different battles,
regulatory battles, issues with states,
etc., like how good does it feel? It
must feel really good to actually kind
of know that the business is real and
have these battles. Like just like
describe that feeling.
>> It's It's weird because I don't know if
I feel that much better this year than
last year. I mean, Luan and I when we
started the company, we we really built
a company around I love this book. So,
have you ever read the book like The
Score Takes Care of Itself? Uh I don't
think so.
>> It's a great book about life like
everything honestly like I I really
>> it's just sort of you know like so John
Warden was sort of basketball coach like
most legendary about I mean the whole
thing was always about like never
mentioned winning
>> about training the teams like focus on
the process and like day in day out like
just fall in love with the training and
like if you do you just start winning.
>> Uh and like I I would say a few things.
I see these things are sort of there's
good times and bad times for all
companies and so yes, right now we're
having a pretty great time like as as
good as it gets for for a company.
>> Um
but I don't feel that different. I think
it's just like solutions bring new
problems and like you then you focus on
the new problems.
>> It must be so much nicer though to
actually work on
>> I feel pretty good about winning the
election lawsuit like that one
>> because we were so
there was some pretty big time
vindication there. Like I I think we
were,
>> you know, because imagine like in 2020
like three going up to our board, you
know, like Sequoia and a bunch of others
and like, hey, like, yeah, we're not
really figuring this out. It's been two
years of like, you know, pouring money
into this and like, you know, and
nothing's working. We lost half our team
over it and like company might die.
>> And actually, what we're going to do is
we're going to triple down and sue our
regulator now. So, you know, that was a
they looked at us, they're like, "Well,
well, that that that doesn't feel right,
you know, like and we still went through
with it and like it ended up being
absolutely the right decision." Um, so
that I think maybe like October 7th, the
day we won the election lawsuit was
probably the day I felt happiest.
>> What did you do when CFTC dropped the
lawsuit?
>> That was not that important. It was the
the one where we the appeals
>> were you actually That's sorry. Yeah.
Yeah, that was important because um
well I first screamed a lot and like we
just like you know all got faced in the
office and like you know uh you know it
was amazing but then you know then we
got back to work because we got
extremely anxious about set like you
know launching the thing.
>> Yeah.
>> Um that was a brutal three weeks because
we had to ramp up really aggressively
and and uh
>> I mean we really went from we really
grew 100x overnight like it was it was
it was crazy. Um, and so I that was the
three weeks where I worked the hardest
in my entire life. It was it was I was
sleeping in the office like you know I
was like I was given this chance like I
have to basically like you know uh
utilize it to the fullest and it was and
we didn't charge fees on the election
market.
>> I don't know if you knew that it was an
intentional decision because like the
most the the the KPI here is we got to
show the world that these markets work.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's done safely and nothing bad is
going to happen and democracy is going
to be totally fine. And actually, and
you'll see we're announcing a few things
with some some big news organizations
pretty soon, but we'll see the shift
>> that's happening in culture where like
the level of embracing that's happening
with prediction markets now. It's that's
that's pretty nice to see.
>> Plus, South Park
>> and South Park. Yeah.
>> TK Mansour, thank you so much for coming
to Oddlos Live. It was a lot of fun.
Thank you.
>> Thanks so much, guys.
>> That was fun. That was great. Thanks a
lot. That was our conversation with
Tariq Mansour recorded live on stage in
Chicago. Thanks for watching.
>> Shall we leave it there?
>> Let's leave it there.
>> All right. This has been another episode
of the All Thoughts podcast. I'm Tracy
Aloway. You can follow me at Tracy
Aloway.
>> And I'm Jill Weisenthal. You can follow
me at the stalwart.
>> And if you enjoyed this conversation,
then please like and subscribe or leave
a comment down below.
>> Thanks for watching.